Production: Ryuban

Thank you for purchasing Sparkle Kouka -Sparkle Kouka-.
Please read the installation instructions and specifications carefully and be careful with fire.

-Installation instructions.
(1)You can import VRCSDK2 and set up the world.
   If you import Dynamic Bone, it will make the sparklers buzz.
　 We recommend that you set up the Bloom in the world side with PPSV2.

(2)Unitypackarge of Sparkler Kouka is imported.
   Put the following into Hierarchy from Sparkler→Prefab in Assets.
(3)Place the following in Hierarcy from Sparkler→Prefab in Assets. But only 4 lights can be drawn at the same time.
   The one with "NoLight" doesn't have a real light.

Sparkler...A sparkler. Sparkler...A sparkler that ignites when it hits a set particle.
If you soak it in water after it's lit, it resets and respawns. The respawn target is the original position.

SeedFire...There are two types of candles and mini bucket candles. These are for igniting sparklers.
Hold this candle and interact with it to ignite it, or interact without holding it to extinguish it.
If you use your own particles to light the fire, please use the enclosed image as the basis for setting up the Particle System.
Even if you set your avatar, it will have an effect.

Bucket....Put a sparkler that has burned out or is still lit in water to put it out.
After a short time after you put it in, the sparkler will return to its original position and you can light it.
The bucket will shake while you hold it.
The Sparkler reacts to the collider on the Water layer.

(4)To use, hold the tip of the sparkler close to the fire to light it. When it burns out, the tip is gone.
   If the sparkler is firmly dipped in a bucket of water, it will respawn in about 3 seconds and be ready to ignite again.
   Be sure to soak the extinguished sparkler in water due to its high temperature.


Note: The tip is glowing when placed in Hierarcy, but this is not a defect.
Note: Mis-synchronization and counter-prescription
Friends who have joined a world instance with the fire lit or gone are
It appears to be unlit.

The sparklers in this case may not be lit even if a later user uses it and respawns it.

When used by someone already in the world (or the last user among them), the sparklers will light and return to their original state.
To avoid this, be sure to soak it in water and respawn or reset it after use.


Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)